Sparsification update (#43)
neuralmagic/sparsezoo: README.md

## Overview

SparseZoo is a constantly-growing repository of highly sparse and sparse-quantized models and sparsification recipes for neural networks.
It simplifies and accelerates your time-to-value in building performant deep learning models with a collection of inference-optimized models and recipes to prototype from.

> Available via API and hosted in the cloud, the SparseZoo contains both baseline and models sparsified to different degrees of inference performance vs baseline loss recovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Available via API and hosted in the cloud, the SparseZoo contains both baseline and models sparsified to different degrees of inference performance vs. baseline loss recovery.
```

Recipe-driven approaches allow you to take the models as given, transfer learn from the models onto private datasets, or transfer the recipes to your architectures.

This repository contains the Python API code to handle the connection and authentication to the cloud.

## Sparsification

> Sparsification is the process of taking a trained deep learning model and removing redundant information from the over precise and over parameterized network resulting in a faster and smaller model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sparsification is the process of taking a trained deep learning model and removing redundant information from the overprecise and over-parameterized network resulting in a faster and smaller model.
```

Techniques for sparsification are all encompassing including everything from inducing sparsity using [pruning](https://neuralmagic.com/blog/pruning-overview/) and [quantization](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.07061) to enabling naturally occurring sparsity using [activation sparsity](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v119/kurtz20a.html) or [winograd/FFT](https://arxiv.org/abs/1509.09308). 
When implemented correctly, these techniques result in significantly more performant and smaller models with limited to no effect on the baseline metrics.
For example, pruning plus quantization can give over [7x improvements in performance](resnet50link) while recovering to nearly the same baseline accuracy.

> The DeepSparse product suite builds on top of sparsification enabling you to easily apply the techniques to your datasets/models using recipe driven approaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DeepSparse product suite builds on top of sparsification enabling you to easily apply the techniques to your datasets and models using recipe-driven approaches.
```

Recipes encode the directions for how to sparsify a model into a simple, easily editable format.

> Download a sparsification recipe/sparsified model from the [SparseZoo](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsezoo) or create one using [Sparsify](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsify), apply it using [SparseML](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml) with only a few lines of code, and deploy with the [DeepSparse Engine](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse) for unprecedented performance on CPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Download a sparsification recipe and sparsified model from the [SparseZoo](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsezoo).
- Alternatively, create a recipe and model using [Sparsify](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparsify).
- Apply your recipe with only a few lines of code using [SparseML](https://github.com/neuralmagic/sparseml).
- Finally, for unprecedented performance on CPUs, deploy it with the [DeepSparse Engine](https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse).

```

> Visualization of the full product flow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full DeepSparse product flow:  

```
